Dolphin Files -
User/Config/Dolphin.ini - Changed default theme
User/Config/UI.ini - Prevent updates
User/Load/Textures - HD Textures
User/Wii/title/00010000/52534245/data - Offline Save data
Sys/Wii/title/00010000/52534245/data - Netplay Save data

Codes -
RSBE01.txt and NETPLAY.txt
	Default Settings Modifier [Igglyboo, Brkirch, and FMK]

Fudgepop AI Files:
	Codes in RSBE01.txt and NETPLAY.txt:
		.include Source/LoadFiles.asm
	Codes:
		Source/LoadFiles.asm
		Source/Netplay/Net-CodeMenu.asm
		Source/Netplay/Net-StageFiles.asm
		Source/Project+/CodeMenu.asm
		Source/Project+/StageFiles.asm
		Source/Project+/TrainingMode.asm
		Source/Project+/TrainingMode_OLD.asm
		Source/Project+/UCF.asm
		codes/A
		codes/B
		codes/C
		codes/Data
		codes/Init
		codes/InitInfo
		codes/Injections
		codes/files
	Fighter Files:
		pf/fighter/captain/FitCaptainMotionEtc.pac
		pf/fighter/falco/FitFalcoMotionEtc.pac
		pf/fighter/lucario/FitLucarioMotionEtc.pac
		pf/fighter/marth/FitMarthMotionEtc.pac
		pf/fighter/mewtwo/FitMewtwoMotionEtc.pac
		pf/fighter/pikachu/FitPikachuMotionEtc.pac

Music -
pf/sound/strm/Battlefield
	Big Blue (Mario Kart 8).brstm
	Bollywood (Scott Pilgrim).brstm
	Boss Battle (Shantae and the Pirate's Curse).brstm
	Hidden Leaf Village Gate.brstm
	Luna Ascension EX (Rivals of Aether).brstm
	Obstacle Completion - My Hero Academia.brstm
	Out in the Country (Digimon Rumble Arena).brstm
	Riptide Rupture (Splatoon 2).brstm

pf/sound/strm/Delfino Secret
	Bath Time Theme - Nintendogs (Ultimate Remix).brstm
	FIGHT! (Bug Fables).brstm
	Glacier Cocktail (Rayman Origins).brstm
	Slider (Rio 2016 Olympics).brstm
	Swan Lake (Paper Mario The Origami King).brstm
	Trainwreck of Electro Swing (A Hat in Time Remix).brstm

pf/sound/strm/Dreamland 64
	Fight and Flight (Rivals of Aether).brstm
	Gourmet Race - Epic Yarn.brstm
	Gourmet Race - Mariachi Entertainment System.brstm
	History of Dedede (Kirby Fighters Deluxe).brstm
	Jumper (Castle Crashers).brstm
	Qumu - Green Greens.brstm

pf/sound/strm/Final Destination
	Badguy's Festival (Digimon Rumble Arena).brstm
	Final Fall (Fall Guys).brstm
	Grannies World Tour (Rayman Legends).brstm
	Imprinting - Sakuzyo.brstm
	MECHA BEE DESTROYER BLASTLORD (Bug Fables).brstm
	Watch Your Step Fox! (Harmony of Heroes).brstm

pf/sound/strm/Fountain of Dreams
	Fountain of Dreams (Kirby Fighters 2).brstm
	Howl of the Forest (Rivals of Aether).brstm
	Lightning Pandemonium (Rivals of Aether).brstm
	Meta Knight's Revenge - Super Soul Bros.brstm
	Remix 10 (Rhythm Heaven Fever).brstm
	Spelunking In Space - Hylian Lemon.brstm

pf/sound/strm/Green Hill Zone
	AIN'T NOTHIN LIKE A FUNKY BEAT (Lethal League Blaze).brstm
	Honeycomb Highway.brstm
	Metallic Madness Zone - Sonic Mania.brstm
	Rooftop Run - Sonic Generations.brstm
	Sneakman (Jet Set Radio).brstm
	Teknopathetic (Jet Set Radio Future).brstm

pf/sound/strm/Menu Music
	Ace Trainer Encounter - Insaneintherain.brstm
	FunkyBoard (Rayman 3).brstm
	Gathers Under Night (Under Night In-Birth).brstm
	Lobby theme (Slap City).brstm
	Main Menu (Pokemon Colosseum).brstm
	Menu Theme (Mario Superstar Baseball).brstm
	Normal Battle (Pokemon Trading Card Game).brstm
	Pilotgang 2 - Aloe Island Posse.brstm

pf/sound/strm/Metal Cavern
	Dummy! (UNDERTALE).brstm
	Frost Man (Mega Man 8).brstm
	Pigstep (Minecraft).brstm
	Rotten Shotgun (Death Road to Canada).brstm
	School Stage (Mario Strikers Charged).brstm
	The Danger Zone (Wonder Boy).brstm

pf/sound/strm/Pokemon Stadium 2
	Battle Tower (Sword & Shield).brstm
	Battle! Gladion (Sun & Moon anime).brstm
	Boss Battle (Pokemon Masters).brstm
	Champion Hau USUM.brstm
	Defy The Legends (Rescue Team DX).brstm
	Galarian Bird Theme (Sword & Shield).brstm
	Main Street Colosseum (Battle Revolution).brstm
	SS Aqua (Johto Anime).brstm
	Sunny Park Colosseum.brstm

pf/sound/strm/Smashville
	Animal Crossing - Spring (Mario Kart 8).brstm
	Boss Battle (Bomberman 64).brstm
	Bubblegum K.K..brstm
	Fresh (Friday Night Funkin).brstm
	KK Disco - Qumu.brstm
	Me and the Kapp'n Make it Happ'n (Harmony of Heroes).brstm
	Moon River (Bayonetta 2).brstm
	Schmeebop (Skullgirls).brstm

pf/sound/strm/Victory Themes
	Bowser.brstm
	Charizard.brstm
	Dedede.brstm
	Fox.brstm
	Game Over (Friday Night Funkin).brstm
	Ganondorf.brstm
	Ivysaur.brstm
	Jigglypuff.brstm
	Link.brstm
	Lucario.brstm
	Lucas.brstm
	Luigi.brstm
	Mario.brstm
	Meta Knight.brstm
	Mewtwo.brstm
	Ness.brstm
	Olimar.brstm
	Peach.brstm
	Pit.brstm
	Pokemon.brstm
	Samus.brstm
	Sonic & Knuckles.brstm
	Squirtle.brstm
	Toon Link.brstm
	Wario.brstm
	Wolf.brstm
	Yoshi.brstm
	Zelda.brstm
	ZSS.brstm
	
pf/sound/strm/Wario Land
	City Level (Speedrunners).brstm
	Junior Street (Mario Hoops 3 on 3).brstm
	Oh no! WASPS!! (Bug Fables).brstm
	Spunky (3rd Strike).brstm
	Surf Punks (Bad Fur Day).brstm
	What to Do (Mario Party 3).brstm

pf/sound/tracklist and pf/sound/netplaylist (Just copy and paste the files from tracklist to netplaylist)
	Battlefield.tlst
	Delfino_Secret.tlst
	Dream_Land.tlst
	Final_Destination.tlst
	Fountain_Of_Dreams.tlst
	Green_Hill_Zone.tlst
	Menu.tlst
	Metal_Cavern.tlst
	Pokemon_Stadium_2.tlst
	Smashville.tlst
	Results.tlst

pf/stage/stageinfo
	Tracklists = Battlefield
		Battlefield_L.param
		Battlefield_Y.param
		Battlefield_Z.param
	Tracklists = Delfino_Secret
		Delfino_Secret_L.param
		Delfino_Secret_R.param
		Delfino_Secret_Z.param
	Tracklists = Dream_Land
		Dream_Land_L.param
		Dream_Land_Y.param
	Tracklists = Final_Destination
		Final_Destination_L.param
		Final_Destination_X.param
		Final_Destination_Y.param
	Tracklists = Fountain_of_Dreams
		Fountain_Of_Dreams_Z.param
	Tracklists = Green_Hill_Zone
		Green_Hill_Zone_L.param
		Green_Hill_Zone_R.param
		Green_Hill_Zone_Z.param
	Tracklists = Metal_Cavern
		Metal_Cavern_L.param
		Metal_Cavern_Y.param
		Metal_Cavern_YZ.param
	Tracklists = Pokemon_Stadium_2
		Pokemon_Stadium_2_X.param
		Pokemon_Stadium_2_Z.param
	Tracklists = Smashville
		Smashville_L.param
		Smashville_R.param
		Smashville_Z.param
	Tracklists = Wario_Land
		Wario_Land_L.param
		Wario_Land_R.param
		Wario_Land_Z.param
	
Fighter Files -
pf/fighter/dedede/FitDedede11.pac
pf/fighter/kirby/FitKirby23.pac
pf/fighter/knuckles/FitKnuckles24.pac
pf/fighter/knuckles/FitKnuckles30.pac
pf/fighter/lucario/FitLucario25.pac
pf/fighter/lucario/FitLucario30.pac
pf/fighter/lucas/FitLucas.pac
pf/fighter/lucas/FitLucas25.pac
pf/fighter/lucas/FitLucas26.pac
pf/fighter/lucas/FitLucas27.pac
pf/fighter/lucas/FitLucas34.pac
pf/fighter/lucas/FitLucas40.pac
pf/fighter/luigi/FitLuigi08.pac
pf/fighter/luigi/FitLuigi24.pac
pf/fighter/mario/FitMario26.pac
pf/fighter/mario/FitMario33.pac
pf/fighter/ness/FitNess25.pac
pf/fighter/ness/FitNess26.pac
pf/fighter/pikmin/FitPikmin35.pac
pf/fighter/pit/FitPit30.pac
pf/fighter/pit/FitPitEtc30.pac
pf/fighter/pokezenigame/FitPokeZenigame30.pac
pf/fighter/popo/FitPopo40.pac
pf/fighter/samus/FitSamus38.pac
pf/fighter/sheik/FitSheik30.pac
pf/fighter/sonic/FitSonic24.pac
pf/fighter/sonic/FitSonicEtc24.pac
pf/fighter/szerosuit/FitSZerosuit06.pac
pf/fighter/yoshi/FitYoshi23.pac
pf/fighter/zelda/FitZelda30.pac

Cosmetics -
Masq Files:
pf/info/costumeslots/00.masq - Mario
pf/info/costumeslots/03.masq - Samus
pf/info/costumeslots/04.masq - Zero Suit Samus
pf/info/costumeslots/05.masq - Yoshi
pf/info/costumeslots/06.masq - Kirby
pf/info/costumeslots/09.masq - Luigi
pf/info/costumeslots/11.masq - Ness
pf/info/costumeslots/14.masq - Zelda
pf/info/costumeslots/15.masq - Sheik
pf/info/costumeslots/16.masq - Ice Climbers
pf/info/costumeslots/23.masq - Pit
pf/info/costumeslots/24.masq - Olimar
pf/info/costumeslots/25.masq - Lucas
pf/info/costumeslots/29.masq - Squirtle
pf/info/costumeslots/31.masq - Dedede
pf/info/costumeslots/32.masq - Lucario
pf/info/costumeslots/39.masq - Sonic
pf/info/costumeslots/42.masq - Knuckles

BPs:
pf/info/portrite/InfFace0016.brres - MF Doom Mario
pf/info/portrite/InfFace0017.brres - MF Doom Mario Electric
pf/info/portrite/InfFace0167.brres - Morse Samus
pf/info/portrite/InfFace0216.brres - Zubat Yoshi
pf/info/portrite/InfFace0266.brres - Sabre Fighter Kirby
pf/info/portrite/InfFace0408.brres - Riku Luigi
pf/info/portrite/InfFace0413.brres - Zubat Luigi
pf/info/portrite/InfFace0516.brres - Supreme Ness
pf/info/portrite/InfFace0517.brres - Kumatora Ness
pf/info/portrite/InfFace0666.brres - Grzly Zelda
pf/info/portrite/InfFace0716.brres - Grzly Sheik (matching zelda)
pf/info/portrite/InfFace0766.brres - Phresh ICs
pf/info/portrite/InfFace1116.brres - Frost Pit
pf/info/portrite/InfFace1157.brres - Uma ZSS
pf/info/portrite/InfFace1216.brres - Daft Punk Olimar
pf/info/portrite/InfFace1262.brres - Frost Red Lucas
pf/info/portrite/InfFace1263.brres - Frost Green Lucas
pf/info/portrite/InfFace1264.brres - Frost Blue Lucas
pf/info/portrite/InfFace1269.brres - ObiWan Lucas
pf/info/portrite/InfFace1270.brres - Shadowhawke Lucas
pf/info/portrite/InfFace1466.brres - Cowboy Squirtle
pf/info/portrite/InfFace1561.brres - Mulldrifter DDD
pf/info/portrite/InfFace1616.brres - Snow Gi Lucario
pf/info/portrite/InfFace1617.brres - Halloween Lucario
pf/info/portrite/InfFace2117.brres - Motobug Knuckles
pf/info/portrite/InfFace2118.brres - Metal Knuckles
pf/info/portrite/InfFace2312.brres - Motobug Sonic

	Rename BPs:
		Luigi:
			InfFace0408->InfFace0409
			InfFace0409->InfFace0410
			InfFace0410->InfFace0411
			InfFace0411->InfFace0412
			InfFace0412->InfFace0414
			InfFace0413->InfFace0415
			InfFace0414->InfFace0416
			InfFace0415->InfFace0417
		ZSS:
			InfFace1157->InfFace1158
			InfFace1158->InfFace1159
			InfFace1159->InfFace1160
			InfFace1160->InfFace1161
			InfFace1161->InfFace1162
			InfFace1162->InfFace1163
			InfFace1163->InfFace1164
			InfFace1164->InfFace1165
			InfFace1165->InfFace1166
			InfFace1166->InfFace1167
		Lucas:
			InfFace1262->InfFace1265
			InfFace1263->InfFace1266
			InfFace1264->InfFace1267
			InfFace1265->InfFace1268
		DDD:
			InfFace1561->InfFace1562
			InfFace1562->InfFace1563
			InfFace1563->InfFace1564
			InfFace1564->InfFace1565
			InfFace1565->InfFace1566
		Sonic:
			InfFace2312->InfFace2313
			InfFace2313->InfFace2314
			InfFace2314->InfFace2315
			InfFace2315->InfFace2316
		
CSPs and RSPs:
pf/menu/common/char_bust_tex/MenSelchrFaceB000.brres - Mario
pf/menu/common/char_bust_tex/MenSelchrFaceB030.brres - Samus
pf/menu/common/char_bust_tex/MenSelchrFaceB040.brres - Yoshi
pf/menu/common/char_bust_tex/MenSelchrFaceB050.brres - Kirby
pf/menu/common/char_bust_tex/MenSelchrFaceB080.brres - Luigi
pf/menu/common/char_bust_tex/MenSelchrFaceB100.brres - Ness
pf/menu/common/char_bust_tex/MenSelchrFaceB130.brres - Zelda
pf/menu/common/char_bust_tex/MenSelchrFaceB140.brres - Sheik
pf/menu/common/char_bust_tex/MenSelchrFaceB150.brres - ICs
pf/menu/common/char_bust_tex/MenSelchrFaceB220.brres - Pit
pf/menu/common/char_bust_tex/MenSelchrFaceB230.brres - ZSS
pf/menu/common/char_bust_tex/MenSelchrFaceB240.brres - Olimar
pf/menu/common/char_bust_tex/MenSelchrFaceB250.brres - Lucas
pf/menu/common/char_bust_tex/MenSelchrFaceB290.brres - Squirtle
pf/menu/common/char_bust_tex/MenSelchrFaceB310.brres - DDD
pf/menu/common/char_bust_tex/MenSelchrFaceB320.brres - Lucario
pf/menu/common/char_bust_tex/MenSelchrFaceB420.brres - Knuckles
pf/menu/common/char_bust_tex/MenSelchrFaceB460.brres - Sonic
pf/menu2/sc_selcharacter.pac
	char_bust_tex_lz77->
						Misc Data[0] - Mario
						Misc Data[3] - Samus
						Misc Data[4] - Yoshi
						Misc Data[5] - Kirby
						Misc Data[8] - Luigi
						Misc Data[10] - Ness
						Misc Data[13] - Zelda
						Misc Data[14] - Sheik
						Misc Data[15] - ICs
						Misc Data[22] - Pit
						Misc Data[23] - ZSS
						Misc Data[24] - Olimar
						Misc Data[25] - Lucas
						Misc Data[29] - Squirtle
						Misc Data[31] - DDD
						Misc Data[32] - Lucario
						Misc Data[42] - Knuckles
						Misc Data[46] - Sonic
						

Menu Textures:
pf/menu2/sc_selcharacter.pac
	Misc Data [30]->Textures(NW4R)->bg_stars01

Stocks:
pf/info2/info.pac
	Misc Data [30]->Textures(NW4R)->
									RENAME: 
										Luigi:
											InfStc.0408->InfStc.0409
											InfStc.0409->InfStc.0410
											InfStc.0410->InfStc.0411
											InfStc.0411->InfStc.0412
											InfStc.0412->InfStc.0414
											InfStc.0413->InfStc.0415
											InfStc.0414->InfStc.0416
											InfStc.0415->InfStc.0417
										ZSS:
											InfStc.1157->InfStc.1158
											InfStc.1158->InfStc.1159
											InfStc.1159->InfStc.1160
											InfStc.1160->InfStc.1161
											InfStc.1161->InfStc.1162
											InfStc.1162->InfStc.1163
											InfStc.1163->InfStc.1164
											InfStc.1164->InfStc.1165
											InfStc.1165->InfStc.1166
											InfStc.1166->InfStc.1167
										Lucas:
											InfStc.1262->InfStc.1265
											InfStc.1263->InfStc.1266
											InfStc.1264->InfStc.1267
											InfStc.1265->InfStc.1268
										DDD:
											InfStc.1561->InfStc.1562
											InfStc.1562->InfStc.1563
											InfStc.1563->InfStc.1564
											InfStc.1564->InfStc.1565
											InfStc.1565->InfStc.1566
										Sonic:
											InfStc.2312->InfStc.2313
											InfStc.2313->InfStc.2314
											InfStc.2314->InfStc.2315
											InfStc.2315->InfStc.2316
									ADD:
										Mario:
											InfStc.0016
											InfStc.0017
										Samus:
											InfStc.0167
										Yoshi:
											InfStc.0216
										Kirby:
											InfStc.0266
										Luigi:
											InfStc.0408
											InfStc.0413
										Ness:
											InfStc.0516
											InfStc.0517
										Zelda:
											InfStc.0666
										Sheik:
											InfStc.0716
										ICs:
											InfStc.0766
										Pit:
											InfStc.1116
										ZSS:
											InfStc.1157
										Olimar:
											InfStc.1216
										Lucas:
											InfStc.1262
											InfStc.1263
											InfStc.1264
											InfStc.1269
											InfStc.1270
										Squirtle:
											InfStc.1466
										DDD:
											InfStc.1561
										Lucario:
											InfStc.1616
											InfStc.1617
										Knuckles:
											InfStc.2117
											InfStc.2118
										Sonic:
											InfStc.2312
										
					AnmTexPat(NW4R)->InfStockface_TopN__0: Right click a stock icon and click "Generate PAT0" to update this file

pf/menu/common/StockFaceTex.brres
	Textures(NW4R)->
					RENAME: 
							Luigi:
								InfStc.0408->InfStc.0409
								InfStc.0409->InfStc.0410
								InfStc.0410->InfStc.0411
								InfStc.0411->InfStc.0412
								InfStc.0412->InfStc.0414
								InfStc.0413->InfStc.0415
								InfStc.0414->InfStc.0416
								InfStc.0415->InfStc.0417
							ZSS:
								InfStc.1157->InfStc.1158
								InfStc.1158->InfStc.1159
								InfStc.1159->InfStc.1160
								InfStc.1160->InfStc.1161
								InfStc.1161->InfStc.1162
								InfStc.1162->InfStc.1163
								InfStc.1163->InfStc.1164
								InfStc.1164->InfStc.1165
								InfStc.1165->InfStc.1166
								InfStc.1166->InfStc.1167
							Lucas:
								InfStc.1262->InfStc.1265
								InfStc.1263->InfStc.1266
								InfStc.1264->InfStc.1267
								InfStc.1265->InfStc.1268
							DDD:
								InfStc.1561->InfStc.1562
								InfStc.1562->InfStc.1563
								InfStc.1563->InfStc.1564
								InfStc.1564->InfStc.1565
								InfStc.1565->InfStc.1566
							Sonic:
								InfStc.2312->InfStc.2313
								InfStc.2313->InfStc.2314
								InfStc.2314->InfStc.2315
								InfStc.2315->InfStc.2316
						ADD:
							Mario:
								InfStc.0016
								InfStc.0017
							Samus:
								InfStc.0167
							Yoshi:
								InfStc.0216
							Kirby:
								InfStc.0266
							Luigi:
								InfStc.0408
								InfStc.0413
							Ness:
								InfStc.0516
								InfStc.0517
							Zelda:
								InfStc.0666
							Sheik:
								InfStc.0716
							ICs:
								InfStc.0766
							Pit:
								InfStc.1116
							ZSS:
								InfStc.1157
							Olimar:
								InfStc.1216
							Lucas:
								InfStc.1262
								InfStc.1263
								InfStc.1264
								InfStc.1269
								InfStc.1270
							Squirtle:
								InfStc.1466
							DDD:
								InfStc.1561
							Lucario:
								InfStc.1616
								InfStc.1617
							Knuckles:
								InfStc.2117
								InfStc.2118
							Sonic:
								InfStc.2312

Stages -
pf/stage/melee/STGWARIOLAND.pac
pf/stage/melee/STGRESULT.pac - 
	2->Misc Data[110]->AnmTexPat(NW4R)->InfStockface_TopN__0: in pf/info2/info.pac right click a stock icon and hit "Generate PAT0". Export the InfStockface_TopN__0 file and use it to replace the one in STGRESULT.pac
	2->Misc Data[120]: replace with pf/menu/common/StockFaceTex.brres after you've added the new stock icons to that